texts/My Scans/README.md, before:

# Personal HD Scans

![May Day Mystery](preview.jpg)

This page will take a while to load all the images, please be paitent. This page downloads a lot of data, so be warned if your computer is slow or you have a data limit!

These are scans I have personally taken from the bound and unbound archives of The (Arizona) Daily Wildcat in the Special Collections building in the University of Arizona library. I intend to upload the highest resolution I can obtain with the tools available to me at this time.

All images are from The (Arizona) Daily Wildcat student-run newspaper at The University of Arizona. The copyright holder of this content is therefore The Daily Wildcat, and they hold all rights to this content. I have obtained explicit permission to publish these online from the Editor-in-Chief of The Daily Wildcat through the Director of Arizona Student Media. The requirements for this republishing are to cite The (Arizona) Daily Wildcat (above) and the full date each was published (below).

## Table of Contents
* [1988 April 27th (Wednesday) {Page 16}](#1988-april-27th-wednesday-page-16-table-of-contents)
* [1989 May 1st (Monday) {Page 24}](#1989-may-1st-monday-page-24-table-of-contents)
* [1990 May 1st (Tuesday) {Page 25}](#1990-may-1st-tuesday-page-25-table-of-contents)
* [1991 May 1st (Wednesday) {Page 6A}](#1991-may-1st-wednesday-page-6a-table-of-contents)
* [1992 May 1st (Friday) {Page 20}](#1992-may-1st-friday-page-20-table-of-contents)
* [1993 May 3rd (Monday) {Page 16}](#1993-may-3rd-monday-page-16-table-of-contents)
* [1994 April 29th (Friday) {Page 16}](#1994-april-29th-friday-page-16-table-of-contents)
* [1995 May 1st (Monday) {Page 16}](#1995-may-1st-monday-page-16-table-of-contents)
* [1996 May 1st (Wednesday) {Page 24}](#1996-may-1st-wednesday-page-24-table-of-contents)
* [1997 May 1st (Thursday) {Page 28}](#1997-may-1st-thursday-page-28-table-of-contents)
* [1998 May 1st (Friday) {Page 20}](#1998-may-1st-friday-page-20-table-of-contents)
* [1999 April 30th (Friday) {Page 24}](#1999-april-30th-friday-page-24-table-of-contents)
* [1999 December 1st (Wednesday) {Page 12}](#1999-december-1st-wednesday-page-12-table-of-contents)
* [2000 May 1st (Monday) {Page 32}](#2000-may-1st-monday-page-32-table-of-contents)
* [2001 May 1st (Tuesday) {Page 6}](#2001-may-1st-tuesday-page-6-table-of-contents)
* [2001 May 1st (Tuesday) {Page 7}](#2001-may-1st-tuesday-page-7-table-of-contents)
* [2002 May 1st (Wednesday) {Page 20}](#2002-may-1st-wednesday-page-20-table-of-contents)
* [2005 April 29th (Friday) {Page 11}](#2005-april-29th-friday-page-11-table-of-contents)
* [2005 June 22nd (Wednesday) {Page 15}](#2005-june-22nd-wednesday-page-15-table-of-contents)
* [2006 May 1st (Monday) {Page 12}](#2006-may-1st-monday-page-12-table-of-contents)
* [2007 May 1st (Tuesday) {Page 25}](#2007-may-1st-tuesday-page-25-table-of-contents)
* [2008 April 2nd (Wednesday) {Page 14}](#2008-april-2nd-wednesday-page-14-table-of-contents)
* [2008 May 1st (Thursday) {Page 13}](#2008-may-1st-thursday-page-13-table-of-contents)
* [2009 May 1st (Friday) {Page 8}](#2009-may-1st-friday-page-8-table-of-contents)
* [2015 May 1st (Friday) {Page 15}](#2015-may-1st-friday-page-15-table-of-contents)
* [2016 December 7th (Wednesday) {Page B23}](#2016-december-7th-wednesday-page-b23-table-of-contents)

## 1988 April 27th (Wednesday) {Page 16} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![1988 April 27th (Wednesday) {Page 16}](1988-04-27_page16.jpg)
</details>

## 1989 May 1st (Monday) {Page 24} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![1989 May 1st (Monday) {Page 24}](1989-05-01_page24.jpg)
</details>

## 1990 May 1st (Tuesday) {Page 25} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![1990 May 1st (Tuesday) {Page 25}](1990-05-01_page25.jpg)
</details>

## 1991 May 1st (Wednesday) {Page 6A} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![1991 May 1st (Wednesday) {Page 6A}](1991-05-01_page6A.jpg)
</details>

## 1992 May 1st (Friday) {Page 20} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![1992 May 1st (Friday) {Page 20}](1992-05-01_page20.jpg)
</details>

## 1993 May 3rd (Monday) {Page 16} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![1993 May 3rd (Monday) {Page 16}](1993-05-03_page16.jpg)
</details>

## 1994 April 29th (Friday) {Page 16} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![1994 April 29th (Friday) {Page 16}](1994-04-29_page16.jpg)
</details>

## 1995 May 1st (Monday) {Page 16} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![1995 May 1st (Monday) {Page 16}](1995-05-01_page16.jpg)
</details>

## 1996 May 1st (Wednesday) {Page 24} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![1996 May 1st (Wednesday) {Page 24}](1996-05-01_page24.jpg)
</details>

## 1997 May 1st (Thursday) {Page 28} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![1997 May 1st (Thursday) {Page 28}](1997-05-01_page28.jpg)
</details>

## 1998 May 1st (Friday) {Page 20} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![1998 May 1st (Friday) {Page 20}](1998-05-01_page20.jpg)
</details>

## 1999 April 30th (Friday) {Page 24} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![1999 April 30th (Friday) {Page 24}](1999-04-30_page24.jpg)
</details>

## 1999 December 1st (Wednesday) {Page 12} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![1999 December 1st (Wednesday) {Page 12}](1999-12-01_page12.jpg)
</details>

## 2000 May 1st (Monday) {Page 32} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![2000 May 1st (Monday) {Page 32}](2000-05-01_page32.jpg)
</details>

## 2001 May 1st (Tuesday) {Page 6} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![2001 May 1st (Tuesday) {Page 6}](2001-05-01_page6.jpg)
</details>

## 2001 May 1st (Tuesday) {Page 7} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![2001 May 1st (Tuesday) {Page 7}](2001-05-01_page7.jpg)
</details>

## 2002 May 1st (Wednesday) {Page 20} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![2002 May 1st (Wednesday) {Page 20}](2002-05-01_page20.jpg)
</details>

## 2005 April 29th (Friday) {Page 11} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![2005 April 29th (Friday) {Page 11}](2005-04-29_page11.jpg)
</details>

## 2005 June 22nd (Wednesday) {Page 15} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![2005 June 22nd (Wednesday) {Page 15}](2005-06-22_page15.jpg)
</details>

## 2006 May 1st (Monday) {Page 12} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![2006 May 1st (Monday) {Page 12}](2006-05-01_page12.jpg)
</details>

## 2007 May 1st (Tuesday) {Page 25} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![2007 May 1st (Tuesday) {Page 25}](2007-05-01_page25.jpg)
</details>

## 2008 April 2nd (Wednesday) {Page 14} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![2008 April 2nd (Wednesday) {Page 14}](2008-04-02_page14.jpg)
</details>

## 2008 May 1st (Thursday) {Page 13} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![2008 May 1st (Thursday) {Page 13}](2008-05-01_page13.jpg)
</details>

## 2009 May 1st (Friday) {Page 8} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![2009 May 1st (Friday) {Page 8}](2009-05-01_page8.jpg)
</details>

## 2015 May 1st (Friday) {Page 15} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![2015 May 1st (Friday) {Page 15}](2015-05-01_page15.jpg)
</details>

## 2016 December 7th (Wednesday) {Page B23} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![2016 December 7th (Wednesday) {Page B23}](2016-12-07_pageB23.jpg)
</details>

Commit message:

Moved original scans to archive.org

texts/My Scans/README.md, after:

# Personal HD Scans

![May Day Mystery](preview.jpg)

This page will take a while to load all the images, please be paitent. This page downloads a lot of data, so be warned if your computer is slow or you have a data limit!

These are scans I have personally taken from the bound and unbound archives of The (Arizona) Daily Wildcat in the Special Collections building in the University of Arizona library. I intend to upload the highest resolution I can obtain with the tools available to me at this time.

All images are from The (Arizona) Daily Wildcat student-run newspaper at The University of Arizona. The copyright holder of this content is therefore The Daily Wildcat, and they hold all rights to this content. I have obtained explicit permission to publish these online from the Editor-in-Chief of The Daily Wildcat through the Director of Arizona Student Media. The requirements for this republishing are to cite The (Arizona) Daily Wildcat (above) and the full date each was published (below).

[You can find the original, lossless scan files on archive.org.](https://archive.org/details/MayDayMystery)

## Table of Contents
* [1988 April 27th (Wednesday) {Page 16}](#1988-april-27th-wednesday-page-16-table-of-contents)
* [1989 May 1st (Monday) {Page 24}](#1989-may-1st-monday-page-24-table-of-contents)
* [1990 May 1st (Tuesday) {Page 25}](#1990-may-1st-tuesday-page-25-table-of-contents)
* [1991 May 1st (Wednesday) {Page 6A}](#1991-may-1st-wednesday-page-6a-table-of-contents)
* [1992 May 1st (Friday) {Page 20}](#1992-may-1st-friday-page-20-table-of-contents)
* [1993 May 3rd (Monday) {Page 16}](#1993-may-3rd-monday-page-16-table-of-contents)
* [1994 April 29th (Friday) {Page 16}](#1994-april-29th-friday-page-16-table-of-contents)
* [1995 May 1st (Monday) {Page 16}](#1995-may-1st-monday-page-16-table-of-contents)
* [1996 May 1st (Wednesday) {Page 24}](#1996-may-1st-wednesday-page-24-table-of-contents)
* [1997 May 1st (Thursday) {Page 28}](#1997-may-1st-thursday-page-28-table-of-contents)
* [1998 May 1st (Friday) {Page 20}](#1998-may-1st-friday-page-20-table-of-contents)
* [1999 April 30th (Friday) {Page 24}](#1999-april-30th-friday-page-24-table-of-contents)
* [1999 December 1st (Wednesday) {Page 12}](#1999-december-1st-wednesday-page-12-table-of-contents)
* [2000 May 1st (Monday) {Page 32}](#2000-may-1st-monday-page-32-table-of-contents)
* [2001 May 1st (Tuesday) {Page 6}](#2001-may-1st-tuesday-page-6-table-of-contents)
* [2001 May 1st (Tuesday) {Page 7}](#2001-may-1st-tuesday-page-7-table-of-contents)
* [2002 May 1st (Wednesday) {Page 20}](#2002-may-1st-wednesday-page-20-table-of-contents)
* [2005 April 29th (Friday) {Page 11}](#2005-april-29th-friday-page-11-table-of-contents)
* [2005 June 22nd (Wednesday) {Page 15}](#2005-june-22nd-wednesday-page-15-table-of-contents)
* [2006 May 1st (Monday) {Page 12}](#2006-may-1st-monday-page-12-table-of-contents)
* [2007 May 1st (Tuesday) {Page 25}](#2007-may-1st-tuesday-page-25-table-of-contents)
* [2008 April 2nd (Wednesday) {Page 14}](#2008-april-2nd-wednesday-page-14-table-of-contents)
* [2008 May 1st (Thursday) {Page 13}](#2008-may-1st-thursday-page-13-table-of-contents)
* [2009 May 1st (Friday) {Page 8}](#2009-may-1st-friday-page-8-table-of-contents)
* [2015 May 1st (Friday) {Page 15}](#2015-may-1st-friday-page-15-table-of-contents)
* [2016 December 7th (Wednesday) {Page B23}](#2016-december-7th-wednesday-page-b23-table-of-contents)

## 1988 April 27th (Wednesday) {Page 16} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![1988 April 27th (Wednesday) {Page 16}](1988-04-27_page16.jpg)
</details>

## 1989 May 1st (Monday) {Page 24} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![1989 May 1st (Monday) {Page 24}](1989-05-01_page24.jpg)
</details>

## 1990 May 1st (Tuesday) {Page 25} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![1990 May 1st (Tuesday) {Page 25}](1990-05-01_page25.jpg)
</details>

## 1991 May 1st (Wednesday) {Page 6A} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![1991 May 1st (Wednesday) {Page 6A}](1991-05-01_page6A.jpg)
</details>

## 1992 May 1st (Friday) {Page 20} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![1992 May 1st (Friday) {Page 20}](1992-05-01_page20.jpg)
</details>

## 1993 May 3rd (Monday) {Page 16} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![1993 May 3rd (Monday) {Page 16}](1993-05-03_page16.jpg)
</details>

## 1994 April 29th (Friday) {Page 16} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![1994 April 29th (Friday) {Page 16}](1994-04-29_page16.jpg)
</details>

## 1995 May 1st (Monday) {Page 16} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![1995 May 1st (Monday) {Page 16}](1995-05-01_page16.jpg)
</details>

## 1996 May 1st (Wednesday) {Page 24} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![1996 May 1st (Wednesday) {Page 24}](1996-05-01_page24.jpg)
</details>

## 1997 May 1st (Thursday) {Page 28} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![1997 May 1st (Thursday) {Page 28}](1997-05-01_page28.jpg)
</details>

## 1998 May 1st (Friday) {Page 20} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![1998 May 1st (Friday) {Page 20}](1998-05-01_page20.jpg)
</details>

## 1999 April 30th (Friday) {Page 24} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![1999 April 30th (Friday) {Page 24}](1999-04-30_page24.jpg)
</details>

## 1999 December 1st (Wednesday) {Page 12} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![1999 December 1st (Wednesday) {Page 12}](1999-12-01_page12.jpg)
</details>

## 2000 May 1st (Monday) {Page 32} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![2000 May 1st (Monday) {Page 32}](2000-05-01_page32.jpg)
</details>

## 2001 May 1st (Tuesday) {Page 6} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![2001 May 1st (Tuesday) {Page 6}](2001-05-01_page6.jpg)
</details>

## 2001 May 1st (Tuesday) {Page 7} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![2001 May 1st (Tuesday) {Page 7}](2001-05-01_page7.jpg)
</details>

## 2002 May 1st (Wednesday) {Page 20} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![2002 May 1st (Wednesday) {Page 20}](2002-05-01_page20.jpg)
</details>

## 2005 April 29th (Friday) {Page 11} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![2005 April 29th (Friday) {Page 11}](2005-04-29_page11.jpg)
</details>

## 2005 June 22nd (Wednesday) {Page 15} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![2005 June 22nd (Wednesday) {Page 15}](2005-06-22_page15.jpg)
</details>

## 2006 May 1st (Monday) {Page 12} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![2006 May 1st (Monday) {Page 12}](2006-05-01_page12.jpg)
</details>

## 2007 May 1st (Tuesday) {Page 25} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![2007 May 1st (Tuesday) {Page 25}](2007-05-01_page25.jpg)
</details>

## 2008 April 2nd (Wednesday) {Page 14} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![2008 April 2nd (Wednesday) {Page 14}](2008-04-02_page14.jpg)
</details>

## 2008 May 1st (Thursday) {Page 13} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![2008 May 1st (Thursday) {Page 13}](2008-05-01_page13.jpg)
</details>

## 2009 May 1st (Friday) {Page 8} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![2009 May 1st (Friday) {Page 8}](2009-05-01_page8.jpg)
</details>

## 2015 May 1st (Friday) {Page 15} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![2015 May 1st (Friday) {Page 15}](2015-05-01_page15.jpg)
</details>

## 2016 December 7th (Wednesday) {Page B23} [[Table of Contents]](#table-of-contents)
<details>
  <summary>Show</summary>

  ![2016 December 7th (Wednesday) {Page B23}](2016-12-07_pageB23.jpg)
</details>
